Do you know?
Breeze order
Do you still recognize the Breeze Order?
How dare you!
How dare you pretend to be the Qingfeng God of War?
Humph
Impersonation, isn't it?
You say you are the messenger of the battle
If you can't take out the messenger order, it's a pro-order.
How many tokens do you plan to have?
Did you touch the wrong hand?
You are not a warhead
Arrange the four kings and nine gods of war
All belong to the commander
History of war marshal
outrageous
I am the dignified Governor
How could you not know this?
You are clearly bubbling
Looks like I have to call
Let Long Aotian, the god of war of Jinhai, come in person
Good explanation actually dares to say that the Dragon God of War will come in person
Do you know the identity of the Dragon God?
He is a direct confidant of the strategic lord
What qualifications do you have to order the Dragon God of War?
Hmph, are you qualified? I'll know in a while.
Rong Aotian?
I have something to do at the neighbor's house now
Come here right now
He'll come over later and prove it to you.
Hum I wait
Take care of him first
Don't let him take the opportunity to slip away
Is it reasonable for my son to be completely accounted for?
I'll do the math first